hey what's up social care fan what's up
rehabbers across the world tricks
shelling here another week another video
connect with me at trentshelton.com all
social sites is put insurance showing
I'm sure I'll pop up big shout out
before I start this message to all the
rehabbers across the world thank you for
sharing liking and tagging my videos
it's because of you this message goes
across the world and speaking across the
world I just actually got back in the
States from Sweden such an awesome place
with awesome people and they really
inspired me to tell you this stop
letting people put you in imaginary box
keep you in imaginary box I say
imaginary because it's really not there
is just something that we create you're
bigger then that block they try to keep
you on you're smarter than that
curriculum they try to teach you you're
better than the label if they are put on
your life where you're from cannot stop
you from where you want to go unless you
give it permission to you only become a
slave of your environment when you
choose not to free your mind you know
what settle for being an employee when
you got the heart to be a boss why
settle to work someone else's dream when
you got the ability to live your own the
only person who has the power to put
boundaries on your dream is you so stop
letting the system or whatever it is
limit your imagination there's more to
the world than your neighborhood that
you always represent then your city then
your state in your country stop letting
them shrink you're a global vision by
giving you a local mindset and this is
what you will you have the power to be
VIP around the world but most will
rather settle for being VIP at their
local nightclub they are struck our mind
says so much that we think that being on
a club flyer means that we made our
means that we're successful our goal now
sad to say is to be local celebrities
instead of being global impactors we've
been tricked by our generational curses
by our environment by our pinions that
big dreams are too far - so we let them
the world whatever you want to call it
planting possibilities in our mind let
me tell you this the only
impossibilities that truly exist are the
ones that you create impossibilities
kids survivalist you give them life the
system can never change you to only what
you can see when you have faith if then
we'll give you an opportunity they
create your own if nobody has made it
out
where you're from then you meet a person
who creates the path if nobody wants to
give us face to your dreams that build a
stage yourself you can accept the life
this world gives you or you can take the
life you want you can change the water
you can let the world change you that
choice is yours it always starts with
you
nothing is wrong with starting from
where you're from but your finish line
should never be in your area code you
got all that you need so use what you've
been given but like I said before it all
starts with you let's create that big
mindset let's make big things happen
let's make big dreams come true it's
rehab time let's get it